
to do: 
-----

-	examine lambda --> 0 limit: is lambda=0 a singular perturbation e.g. in the market share or the relative profit? 

-	implement decaying c_i as a function of number of quantities sold to simulate a digital economy

-	analytical description of N=2 case

-	read "strategy proof of redistribution of VCG payments" by a guy called Cavaillo. 
	Asks the question of "when is it ok to redistribute and at what point does it become harmful".

-	Check out trade-off between fairness & efficiency papers by Nikos Trichakis @ MIT Sloan.	


ideas and notes:
---------------

-	Note that this is some sort of Pigovian tax. Maybe needs to be referenced as such https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pigovian_tax

-	Didier Sornette has another interesing idea for a follow up paper: 
	Given this taxation metric, how do the number of surviving firms scale as a number of customers. 
	Denote by N the number of customers. 
	Denote the number of firms by N^alpha, where alpha = alpha(gamma) is the scaling coefficient. 
	As N goes to infinity, what is the value of alpha? 
	There are two phases: alpha < 1 and alpha = 1. 
	The alpha=1 case is the case where the number of sellers grows linearly with the number of sellers.
	They are some sort of dragon-kings. 

-	Scott Kominer says: economists don't care about N > 2. They want analytical results. 

-	Herfindahl index ---> adjust gamma to be able to hit some desired concentration 

-	Our project is promoting competition, and we show that smaller firms can survive with this new mechanism. 
	This is one of the key messages. 

-	Sandy's feedback to Nate's presentation: tax money should flow to local government, as they provide the 
	infrastructure. 

-	neat connection that I came up with during a discussion with Ankur Mani: 
	Two problems that can cause monopolies in today's world:
	(a)		data-superiority (e.g. FB users, Uber users etc.)
	(b)		if products have similar quality + low distance cost (e.g. FB can be accessed everywhere) 
			---> 	can outpace the others with minimal ingredients, by undercutting just a little bit, as there
					is no benefits to stay localized. 
	Problem (a) can be addressed by a blockchain-data-ownership kind  of approach, whereby for instance we have a 
	"ride-sharing" blockchain, where a suer broadcastss the request to go from A to B, and different apps like Uber and
	Lyft can tap into. 
	Now, this does not yet solve the problem of UBER etc. outpacing by being marginally better (instead of being signifincantly
	better). The follow up idea is to impose on that blockchain a type of ring-topology like the one I suggest in my 
	decentralized exchange project. 

-	insights from meeting with Dean Eckles:
	history of trade 	---> gravity literature (I think Sandy has a paper on that, that he sent me already)
	Prof. Robert Jensen ---> the digital provide & information demand and the growth of firms (boat builders)
	hotelling problem 	---> ice stand on the beach problem could be somewhat related

-	Very important idea by David Solo: 
	The practical vulnerability of this approach is the following: 
	Amazon just buys a random "warehouse with 1 employee" in every town. 
	This way, they can hack the system. 
	We can say: no we forbid this behavior etc. 
	But obviously, this is not very robust. 
	Instead, we could tax the less if they employ a lot of local employees. 
	Indeed, this is a very direct measure of "local-ness". 
	Can I somehow include this into my network structure? 
	Quick fix for now: We can just say that we consider this punishment implicitly by taking that taxation 
	represented through decreased quality / increased prices. 

-	Didier Sornette suggests to look at the work of Sorin Solomon and co-authors in the 1990s, who looked at multiplicative maps
	with coupling to redistribute some of the wealth.  With no coupling, you get the Zipf law.  With coupling, you get
	something less unequal.  The question is how to justify and implement a kind of redistribution which is not plain communism.
	One could imagine that there is a ``tax’’ on any transaction that is put in a pool serving to fund new innovations
	with a mechanism for drawing from this pool to reveal quality and potential via a fitness dynamics that could also be 
	modelled by a stochastic process.  
	This is also related to one of my present projects with Peter Cauwels, for which we are soon finalising a paper
	on ``reward process, not success’’ in order to promote skill and fundamental value rather than gambling and luck.
	Indeed, most of the time, success is due more to luck than to skill. This is captured by the stochastic term in the
	multiplicative growth processes and is at the origin of Zipf’s law.
	GBM asymptotic: due to sigma term? 
